In previous cases.
I told you how we already created this part.
So we created one data service client to request and print the response for this purpose.
So.
If you know these, all the things are currently not mentioned here.
Let me do one thing.
Let me.
Comment out this part because I'm not using this currently.
And.
Let me do one thing.
Let me print location stats because I'm using that location stats here.
As you know.
Is there any error?
No, not currently.
Any error is shown?
No.
So let me what I'm going to do is system.
Dodd out.
Dodd Dylan.
Location strikes.
Our locations.
So that's it.
And what I'm going to do.
Let me.
Then COVID tracker application.
You can run from here also, but.
I'm going in here.
And this is our main retort to everything.
So currently it's running our method.
Let me check in build.
Yeah.
It's running, and it will print the output for us.
You can see the Java compiler using everything here.
And let me check.
What is going to bring here?
We started.
So as you can see, these are the location statistics it is giving basically.
We have application, each general, everything.
These are the old things.
After some time it will run it again and it will print mere statistics.
So now what I'm going to do is I'm going to comment this because.
I'm not going to print or console.
I just want to create one another thing here.
What we didn't inside models.
I already created location stats application.
So let me create one.
Private string or states because.
I'm using as a state then.
I would string country.
Let me told you just to.
Use this again.
Country for the country purpose.
Then when another integer for total cases and another for latest total cases.
I'm just using this.
So we are done with this.
Now, let me check.
Some instructors.
So you can say these are the methods here you can use here.
I want to get around certain methods, which is basically getting and generating.
So I want to use everything here.
Okay.
So.
It is for me.
It's already created, as you can see.
Great statement towards its statement to the contrary.
All the methods are mentioned here.
So what I'm going to do.
I'm going to.
I just come into this part first, but now I can use this part.
As you can see, we are using these methods and we are using these methods to get countries at country,
all the methods we are mentioned here.
So let us check what we are missing here.
The basic math is missing.
We are missing the two string method here.
So let me create one to string method.
Also here to insert to get to string method.
So.
Okay.
But as you can see, these are the all things I already created.
And no, not in this.
It is already printing me this all the data.
So this is inside the models.
Let me go to the package menu.
Well.
This is inside the models.
Location stats.
It continues Methodism in India and all the things are now loading.
So this is all about the location stats and everything.
But now the thing we are missing here is.
We need to create one controller.
Why?
We needed the controller to control our app as a web application.
So.
Let me keep this.
As it is.
And let me create one project.
Inside Edition models.
Then these services, then let me create one.
Another class.
Basically, I'm going to create here.
Which is basically comptroller.
So let me open one controller and why we need a controller.
As I already told you, the initial team of controllers is going to maintain our controlling part of
whom I'm going to create a only home file here.
I'm not pushing it till what we can say all the things here.
I just needed the home controller because we are going to create one home controller only.
I will hit the colors.
So I created this.
Let me tell you what is these things?
First, location, statistics.
Well, let me minimize this.
Let me just remove this.
Okay.
So this is the models.
I mentioned models as a package location, stat state, country, latest total cases different from
previous days.
Basically difference between the previous day and next day.
Get set method to that method.
State for this get country set state to print it straight.
Get country for getting that.
So we are not currently using this.
We are going to use it in home controller.
But before that.
Remember, we are using this get latest set latest these all the things we have mentioned here.
So let us see why the home controller is needed as this is.
I'm deploying on what we can say only a web app.
We need to create a win waiver application, but we are mentioning it only in this part.
So we need to.
Create one home controller app to control each and everything.
So let me create one.
Thank here which is basically a direct.
Controlling part.
So let me download first and.
Let me add one thing here.
Spring framework.
Basics.
Basically this thing and it.
Controller.
So it will accept the all the controlling part.
As you can see, disease control.
It is like the studio type each and everything.
So now this can be controlled through a web.
So what is the thing I'm going to use here?
So I'm going to create list each and everything to deploy it on the web.
But before proceeding with web, we need to mention the what is going to it is going to use.
So.
Auto wire.
Why I'm using auto, let me tell you.
I'm going to mention throughout this Corona virus data services.
So let me copy this first.
Coronavirus Data Services because it is mentioned as a service.
I can use this as a service.
Which is basically the deplorable for me.
So let me enter.
So it will track me to this.
And as I mentioned, we can use this as a service and it will be loaded throughout the this part.
So this is how we are going to do.
But we have mentioned some things here like packages each and every, etc..
So before this, let me create one.
And what we can say model or we can say.
Public.
String.
It's string.
Staying home.
Morell also.
I mentioned moral, but I needed moral, not morally.
Let me handle this.
It will accept this model, which is basically spring framework.
Let me add your model.
So this is going to create one model here to.
But in or out that part.
So if you know I already created this list.
With.
What is the name for that?
Let me check first, which is basically location stats.
Okay.
This only I need it.
So what I'm going to do, I'm going to create a controller here.
So I'm currently creating a controller.
Okay before this.
I need to mention all stats, each and every etc., because as I mentioned here, this is all stat,
only all stats.
And what is the name?
Basically, it's all stats.
Only all stats is capital.
Again.
Okay.
All stats.
On that note, here is data services.
Don't get all steps.
That's our method.
So let me one do one thing.
So it will accept that everything.
So this is all I created.
Now I need to create a map and each and everything.
But before the map, I need to create.
One thing here is.
And did it get mapping?
So when I needed a gate mapping because this is not mapped already, I need to map it.
And before the.
All the things are mapped.
Okay.
This is basically a strategic plan, but.
You can do anything.
Slash.
So it will.
It is the syntax for getting the map and each and everything here.
So this is it about how I'm going to do this.
But before this you have to mention each and everything here.
So as you can see, you can create here open and you can check.
So my local client is 88 and my port is 88.
So I can run this and this is the API in the get client method.
So let me close this first because I haven't mentioned here.
So likewise, you can check your HTTP client method so my you can choose any.
Here, let me do one thing.
Let me delete this part.
Okay.
So these are all about how we are going to create a client here.
So I'm going to control this part all over the web application in the folder thing.
So I'm going to show you how I'm going to place that.
So I'm just getting the all stacks.
But in the videos I'm going to explain you.
I'm going to create one HTML file to display all the data using theme leave theme, basically to bring
that here.
I'm not mentioning any spring authentication part or etc..
This is just a spring boot application.
Anyone can use this to check the COVID data daily on a daily basis.
And why I'm telling you this is the daily basis because of this.
So it will be updated every month over.
Or we can say first our off date, which is basically 1 a.m. in the morning.
Then this year is updated.
So while I am mentioning this, is this very this what we can say not very useful part of our thing,
because it is when you go to this link, you can check it's updated every 26 minutes or 30, 30 minutes.
So identically, I have to use this at one second or one minute.
But thing or consider for the texting application, I can put checks of one aim of every day.
So if you want to create more efficient, you can change this part.
And this is a very useful thing.
It is not achieving under the percent abstraction, as I told you.
Because I'm not mentioning any abstraction class or anything, but I'm using packages and packages concept
to develop this.
And it's synchronous, as I told you.
While developing spring applications, you can go with asynchronous or synchronous method.
But I'm going with synchronous method.
As I told you, I created this part.
So this is very synchronous method.
And for the part, I'm going to create home controller part and in template part.
Also, I'm going to mention the templates, which is basically home template.
You can check the application properties each and everything here.
And currently this is the coronavirus data services returning your services basically going to face
the data.
We can cancel services, which is going to change the data model for what we can see, modelling the
data, we can say we can.
We are going to create methods only to display that.
So I haven't created these methods directly.
What I did is this insert in your thing and you can get generate method, you can put, get, get,
etc. etc. both methods equals and hashcode to string methods.
So this is all about how we are going to do.
You can use your copyright methods each and everything here.
So override methods.
So no need to worry about this part.
Why created this?
This is the system.
Default or idea will take care of creating all the things and this is the system we want no need to
worry about.
It's going to create.
It will detect your thing and it will print your data.
So hope you understand this part.
In the next part, I'm going to mention the home controller and each and everything.